[Music]
okay the air pods Pro apples
professional air plasm before they came
out I was using this Sony's XM 3 their
WF 1000 XM 3 a terribly long name but a
very well reviewed and well-respected
set of wireless active noise-cancelling
earbuds which is the same product
category as these the air pods Pro when
Apple launched this product a few days
ago I thought to myself there's no way
that they sound better than this and
there's no way that the active
noise-cancelling is better than what
sony offers because this thing is good
this thing is like audio files enjoy
this and the active noise-cancelling in
this thing is very powerful and I was
right the sony sounds so much better
stronger base cleaner maids much cleaner
highs the instrument separation is
noticeably better to me and the Sony's
have better active noise cancellation
but I consider Apple's air pods Pro to
be the better product by a longshot and
it's because of user experience now the
tips on the air pods Pro are super
comfortable and it's really important to
nail the fit of these tips in your ears
to provide the best possible sound
isolation because the entire thing like
the entire active noise cancellation
depends on a good seal from the tip
regardless of which company you go with
and the way that Apple handles it is
quite good it's not intimidating that
got this app to kind of guide you
through it and it's not like this app is
super helpful but for a lot of people
that have never experienced in ear
earbuds before it's nice to have
guidance and another thing the actual
tips themselves when you pop them off
there's a mesh at the base of this
silicon tip so oftentimes when you wear
earbuds your ear gunk is gonna go into
the mesh covering the actual earbud
itself and they've put another layer of
mesh on these silicone tips just to
prevent that gunk from building up on
the actual device and just to keep it on
the replaceable tip it's like a it's a
small detail and I've seen this from
other devices as well but most companies
don't do this now another thing I like
is that pressure vent so normally when
you stick an in-ear earbud into your ear
canal
there's
this buildup of pressure when you stick
it in and it's just from the you know
you're compressing the airspace in there
but jamming something in there but
apples put this pressure valve in here
so that just equalizes the air pressure
around you so when you put it in you
don't feel that sensation of pressure
build-up it's something so simple but so
smart like I love I don't know maybe I'm
particularly sensitive to that type of
sensation I've never liked it but I
don't get that at all
with the Apple earpods Pro it has decent
water resistance a great sounding mic
way better than Sony's and even better
than the older air buds and actually got
five hours of battery life with active
noise cancellation on that's actually
more than what they advertised there's
also a transparency mode which allows
the mic to pick up voices or kind of
important sounds around you so when you
have it in your ear and you have
transparency mode enabled it'll pipe the
important sounds into your audio so you
can kind of be aware of what's going
around you so you can hear people call
your name or if you're on a bus like and
your stop goes by you'll hear that your
stop is going by so you can just be more
aware of what's going on it's a nice
feature really simple again but done
well in terms of the active noise
cancellation the air pods pro do it good
but the Sony's do it way better the
difference I would say is not in how it
sounds like they both sound similar and
how they treat environmental noise it's
that the Sony's can handle way louder
environmental noise like I feel like
it's double what the Apple earpods pro
can do so as an example let's say you're
running and you run by a construction
site and you pass a very loud rumbling
idling truck if you're right beside that
truck the Sony's will still be able to
block that out that truck sound will go
through and you'll be able to hear it on
the Apple earpods Pro not that these are
bad like this is way better than what
the original ear pods offered there is a
decent degree of active noise
cancellation but Sony does it better now
if you're wondering what the active
noise cancellation actually sounds like
in the air pods Pro this tech is best at
reducing the volume of kind of thumpy
rumbly lower frequency sounds higher
frequency still gets reduced to a
certain degree but not as effectively as
like the deep bassy stuff so depending
on the environment and your in it's
gonna sound a little bit different
in terms of how that cancellation works
but if you're in a subway it's gonna go
from this to something like this and
then if you're an airplane it's gonna go
from this to something like this now
there are some things I don't like but
the air post Pro first is the lack of
volume control now maybe just maybe
Apple wants us to use like Siri voice
commands more often so they'll be like
hey Siri turn it up and it'll crank up
the volume but there are times when you
just don't want to be saying things or
reach into your pocket to pull out your
phone I feel like they should have just
given users like touch based volume
controls but on its third iteration we
still don't have that now the last thing
I think this is the most important kind
of complaint to have about this device
the fact that the batteries can't be
removed so air pod one ear pod - both of
these have like maybe half the battery
life that they started off with because
I use them pretty frequently and it's
gonna happen to this as well now it
becomes a consumable product when the
battery is not replaceable like this is
Ashley right it's a disposable /
consumable product and it sucks knowing
that in two years time this thing will
be in perfect condition still like the
drivers will be great all the
electronics will be in great condition
but the battery will run out and I'll
have to toss them like it's just it's
weird to me now I realize and I
recognize the fact that this is a very
small device it's super comfortable in
the ear and the fact that it is so small
is probably why they had to build it
like this with this irreplaceable
battery but it still sucks now if you're
an Android user and you're wandering
does this thing connect to this thing or
any kind of Android phone this is a 1 +
7 Pro it works not everything is going
to be there but all the important
functionality is there so you get
transparency mode you get active noise
cancellation the good stuff okay
here's my final take on this this is
like the perfect well-built a product
like this thing when I use it reminds me
of what Apple can do when they build
something just right it honestly reminds
me of why Apple is in the position they
are today to be this super popular super
loved company by a lot of people it's
big
once in a mildly dropped something like
this they're not the best sound quality
and they're not the best active noise
cancellation while I see air but it's
like these guys do it better but in
terms of the overall package air pods
Pro they nailed this one
okay hope you guys enjoy this video
thumbs we liked it subs we've loved it
see you guys next time